You meet two inhabitants: Zoey and Mel.  Zoey tells you that Mel is a knave.  Mel says, 'Neither Zoey nor I are knaves.'
You meet two inhabitants: Peggy and Zippy.  Peggy tells you that 'of Zippy and I, exactly one is a knight'.  Zippy tells you that only a knave would say that Peggy is a knave.
You meet two inhabitants: Sue and Zippy.  Sue says that Zippy is a knave.  Zippy says, 'I and Sue are knights.'
You meet two inhabitants: Sally and Zippy.  Sally claims, 'I and Zippy are not the same.'  Zippy says, 'Of I and Sally, exactly one is a knight.'
You meet two inhabitants: Homer and Bozo.  Homer tells you, 'At least one of the following is true: that I am a knight or that Bozo is a knight.'  Bozo claims, 'Homer could say that I am a knave.'
You meet two inhabitants: Marge and Zoey.  Marge says, 'Zoey and I are both knights or both knaves.'  Zoey claims, 'Marge and I are the same.'
You meet two inhabitants: Mel and Ted.  Mel tells you, 'Either Ted is a knight or I am a knight.'  Ted tells you that Mel is a knave.
You meet two inhabitants: Zed and Alice.  Zed tells you, 'I am a knight or Alice is a knave.'  Alice tells you, 'Of Zed and I, exactly one is a knight.'
You meet two inhabitants: Ted and Zeke.  Ted claims, 'Zeke could say that I am a knave.'  Zeke claims that it's not the case that Ted is a knave.
You meet two inhabitants: Ted and Zippy.  Ted says, 'Of I and Zippy, exactly one is a knight.'  Zippy says that Ted is a knave.
You meet two inhabitants: Zed and Bart.  Zed says, 'Bart is a knight or I am a knight.'  Bart tells you, 'Zed could claim that I am a knave.'
You meet two inhabitants: Bob and Betty.  Bob claims that Betty is a knave.  Betty tells you, 'I am a knight or Bob is a knight.'
You meet two inhabitants: Bart and Ted.  Bart claims, 'I and Ted are both knights or both knaves.'  Ted tells you, 'Bart would tell you that I am a knave.'
You meet two inhabitants: Bart and Mel.  Bart claims, 'Both I am a knight and Mel is a knave.'  Mel tells you, 'I would tell you that Bart is a knight.'
You meet two inhabitants: Betty and Peggy.  Betty tells you that Peggy is a knave.  Peggy tells you, 'Betty and I are both knights.'
You meet two inhabitants: Bob and Mel.  Bob tells you, 'At least one of the following is true: that I am a knight or that Mel is a knave.'  Mel claims, 'Only a knave would say that Bob is a knave.'
You meet two inhabitants: Zed and Alice.  Zed tells you, 'Alice could say that I am a knight.'  Alice claims, 'It's not the case that Zed is a knave.'
You meet two inhabitants: Alice and Ted.  Alice tells you, 'Either Ted is a knave or I am a knight.'  Ted tells you, 'Of I and Alice, exactly one is a knight.'
You meet two inhabitants: Zeke and Dave.  Zeke tells you, 'Of I and Dave, exactly one is a knight.'  Dave claims, 'Zeke could claim that I am a knight.'
You meet two inhabitants: Zed and Zoey.  Zed says that it's false that Zoey is a knave.  Zoey claims, 'I and Zed are different.'
You meet two inhabitants: Sue and Marge.  Sue says that Marge is a knave.  Marge claims, 'Sue and I are not the same.'
You meet two inhabitants: Bob and Ted.  Bob says, 'I am a knight or Ted is a knave.'  Ted says that only a knave would say that Bob is a knave.
You meet two inhabitants: Zed and Peggy.  Zed says that Peggy is a knave.  Peggy tells you, 'Either Zed is a knight or I am a knight.'
You meet two inhabitants: Zed and Bob.  Zed says, 'Both I am a knight and Bob is a knave.'  Bob says, 'Zed could say that I am a knight.'
You meet two inhabitants: Rex and Marge.  Rex tells you, 'I and Marge are knights.'  Marge says, 'I would tell you that Rex is a knight.'